Mineral consumption We ought to get around to recycling alll of these things. Span Row Echelon reduce. alright it's that folder I'm always going on about. Because Wolfram is about a lot of things. What will happen now? Well it has to be.

This is the extra meaningless throw away self-code. Oh my interesting keep moving. So then? A shower yes perhaps.

This will go away. It must. I am glad to e doing this. What there be. Only time will tell. Just a bit more. Sum ekstra space. From kam world. So it kam. Raybet needs space.

It is a bit off. How shall I procede? Some programming langauges are designed to be conservative and simply not change too much over time. Common Lisp and Smalltalk are like this. C++ ande C have periods of dormancy and activity. Metal and drywall. Yeah lke that. I am glad this happened. Ontology, ontology of a flow (rheology). A metaphysical stream process. What welse is there? Ontology of the flow of things.

Flowcharts or directed graphs.Nintendrew will take the N-Gage, alright! I will send it soon.

I know a psot office near work. Right across the street. Hooray. A journey starting today.

Meaningless self-code. Many meaningless things. So be it. This is well, actually. He's kind of weird. Anyone who will protect an N-GAge will be weird. That's why we let it go.

Alright so here it is. The N-Gage is gone and yet I still complain. I should have a Windows worklaptop and an Ubutnu book.

Four little things to do. The puzzles go. I have a pre-committment to having less. Yes. Like this.  The three big chain off. I am still awaiting emails from Nintendrew. I want the QD to be safe.

Pessimism is not hopeless.

So then I hade notes here about Informatic Death. Such a Book. So thnen what is there? Puzzles Reflection on true self. I love these puzzles? Yes I do. Do I? They seem to be the only things to exist. So where to? Solve this puzzle. No there is more than puzzle.s There are adventures. Real ones. Plenty of them? They are great.

What is this manifestation engine? A drug? Disconnection from self. What is the connection? The solving of uzzles. Fantastic puzzles. Puzzles. Fantastic puzzles. Informatic Death.

I am unsure what will be done. No I  do. Are these puzzles boring and to predictable? Sort of. I know how to make it more interesting. Is there somethingelse Iam not attending to? What could it be? I can't tell.

What exists? Puzzles the manifestation. Something amiss?

Sleep Sleep beckons. The draings are gone. The true chains are gone. So much freedom. Freedom doesn't exist.

The associative array. Maltese is an interesting specimen. So this is nice. The CL book is a specification, it's big. I will have to craay that a long while. Oh dear. I want to read more of these. It is the rooms of consciousness. It is very good. I should go to the art museum.

Books books. Various bookk.s They must be deposited. Wednesday? Shampoo, limpoma, FA, tax return. I want waffle fries apparently. Perhaps I will manifest a walk around the duck pond.  This feels eerily familiar. The thoughts I haven't had because only they exist.

Paper to write on, here in the chambers of consciousness. Lives of code in a silly thing. What matters is integer of subprograms, number of floating point numbers. The amount of IFs and selections. Amount of classes, those kind of things. Amount of things. Yes. Like those measurements. I need them. Compress the sentence. Puzzles and thoughts. I blank it all out of a lot.

Surface of SR388 sounded good in Metroid II GB.

All of these odd things go. So much development ephemerally. Yes it is good I like this. I am uncertain how to do this. I like to make flow charts. Two little upgrades. I don't know what puzzle. Boredom is weird. This writing is messy. A puzzle solved. Yes. Like that. I must focus the manifestation. Language an instinct indeed, and we never leave the infant tendency to create new vocabulary as we encounter different things. We never stop. We get a grammar and comress layers of meanings into words, new and existing. Such a cacaphony. So then, some puzzles solved. Some not. Disc 4, FF8 is so weird. First puzzle go for a walk. Then the middle gate. Then go to that forest. Such a focus at the end.

The Wolfram language has the loved aspects of FP all in an elegant beautiful way. I love the afterthoughts.

This is meaningless throw-away self code. I am glad to be writing it. Such odd puzzles. 

I shall solve the puzzle. I always solve them. in a timely manner. Always. I shall thrive. Peace upon all. I feel the sting to move. It is a peaceful sting. I am slightly inebriated as I write this. That's learning. I am glad to do it. The Iridion II Opening -- grass and roses. Two species of plants humanly selected for our future terraformed planets. They are icons of the human experience. They will stay with us the woman ,a sad Freudian case study. Ignored. RRootage. Geometry Wars 3D, and the Rest. They follow Secular Sharia Law.



Data Death

This diatribe against the preservation of stupid stuff beings in the spirit of Heraclitus, drawing equivalencies. Information, data, art, virtual reality, an argument, the biosphere, language, software, all the same, this work will refer to them as data. Data comes in all of these forms.

The first was biology born out of the geology and chemistry of the young Earth. The universe allows for life yet remains hostile to it, causing 99% of species to go extinct. The elect 1% have the priviledge of evolving by natural selection. Natural selection is the implication of two fairly obvious statements: those that surive, surive, and there is heritability. This hertability is the imperfect copying mechanism of nature, an encoded language (permutations of a finite set in a finite sequence, though in biology this sequence can get larger). Extinction is a deletion of data.

Life, this moving data has astounding transfermative effects on Earth, self-aware intelligent species such as humans can construct great works such as the Panama Canal, ripping continents apart in their short life time. Earth's long slow chemistry (geology)takes millions or even billions of years to do so. The humans are imperfect and precious in their ability to transform their universe.

So out of the dying data of extinctions comes the humans, and their essential instinct-- spoken language.

(This is a rough draft, I am not a reductionist so I should not begin with a linear story.)

A list of things to talk about.

1. Definition of information and its flow.
2. Ontology of information
3. Death of information by medium:

4. The real estate of information (RTR)

biological, spoken and written languages, literature, religious, secular, software, video games, engines and maps separate, code, programming languages a genre of software, sculptures, music, taste, procedural knowledge, touch, paintings, smell(olfactory), architecture, 3d models, voxels, drawings, ink/calligraphy, ebooks, text files, i-image, image formats,

5. copies, cloud storage, storage media, methods of preservation, bitrot.

Refs:

Chris Hedges
Karen Armstrong
Roland M. Barton
Alister E. M McGrath
Webster Griffin Tarpley (Just Too Weird), The Age of Virtual Reality

The paper Non silicon nonbinary computing. The End of White Christian America, the informatic criticism of capitalism: too many secrets are kept

Sega Visions, EGM, Nintendo Power
N-Gage, BoM, Writing Systems, transliteration/translation, Toyota Prius, GameFAQs, Smogon U, Gutenburg project, archive.org

The Malboro tentacles for DoomTrain
Microcosm manual

Cipolla and I are elitists.

Notebook reduction. Oh that's alway sfun.

2. github/elisehuard something about Haskell I think
3.Gantt charts, from operating systems
4. Google app engine support: Python 2.7. Java 7 PHP Go
5. important libraries numpy scipy matplotlib
6. Python IDEs, IDLE PyDev, Eclipse
7. udacity.com -- machine learning for trading
8. References, Dive into Python, Python 101
9. types of rocks: igneous, sedimentary, metamorphic
10. 600 BC Thales, Pythagoras, Anaxagoras
11. 400 BC Plato Aristotle
12. 150 AD Ptolemy ( Claudius Ptolemaeus)
13. St. Thomas Aquinas (1225 - 1274) Summa Theologica, Book of Scripture, Book of nature
14. Verdant
15. Birth of Modern Astronomy: 1543-1642 Nicolaus Copernicus, Tycho Brahe, Johannes Kepler, Galileo Galilei
16. Good papre sources: reliable, authoritive, scholarly, peer reviewed

Sunday
1. Reinhold Niebuhr and Karen Armstong (-> St. Nicholas)

What is this? Just a fading away. Just meaningless thoughts. Meaningless everything. The obsidian swoards. They went on a rampage. I just go. Go. SLTs. Stupid little things. Don't be bothered by those. You have more important things to be thinking about.

All this paper. Useless. I don't write much. How sad.

Transcendentalism of information. 
