	I am in the little 10 dollar chair from Walmart that is portable and pairs with the small foldable table. Upon the table is the blue laptop, also from Walmart. These three items, the Walmart trio are a cheap and portable miniature office space, made possible with a version of Linux Mint that I really don't feel like updating right now. It feels good to sit and type with the Microsoft Ergonomic Keyboard at this little computer. What will the purpose of this machine be? With this version of Mint I could practice Vi editing and I have the Programming Perl book so I could write and test Perl here. That  can all be done now with no additional software and no internet connection. The old Chromebook is gone so this may actually be suitable. I am glad to do it here. The webcam stares at my stoic face. That is fine in this junction. I will charge when the batter goes down and not while I use this machine to type type type.  The-apartment.odt is this file's name. So be it.

	Typing here is a therapeutic exercise I suppose. I am glad to be doing it. What else can I craft here? As I said the Vi editor and Perl code. Sounds well. I can modify the state of the flashdrives as well. In what order? I asked myself this quesiton before. I suppose all audio files on one, and important document backups on the other. Then perhaps another with unimportant files. That sounds about right. I am glad to be typing this here. Will these words be eternal? I am unsure. I shall see later. It modifies the state of flashdrives. Perhaps the small blue one would be of use.

	The USB hub is in use. One port becomes four, holding the mouse and keyboard, the other holds the blue flashdrive. So then, this works well. Music can play on this device oddly enough.The BAM series and even the Chaos Engine OST will be the theme of this machine then. Cest la vie, and la vie isn't so bad with that. 

	I've been typing up some of the sprawlsheets I call them. There are a lot of them. No matter, the information flows very well. Being closed away has some advantages I suppose. Is there simply such thing as a portable monitor, that folds and such? I will keep an eye out for such things. This information is pleasant. Memories from before.

	Food cooks. There is not a light above this place so all I can do is type, type type. This is fine for now. Many stubborn storage devices remain. I am more and more open to destroying them all. 

	These words are being typed much later than the previous. Those devices were indeed purged and more organization and structure will be happening at this location. Even the survival of this little device is subject to doubt. For now though it just sits where I can sit it. I will run the battery down now.
The internet may return here later. If that is so then I will add the terminal programs that Lunduke talked about to this machine. Perhaps it is indeed a decent vi machine. What to do with vi? Write Python? Write Ruby? Let me check if that was installed actually. Python and Perl but not Ruby apparently. I doubt Rust and Go in this distribution. Mint 17 I think? Good enough until 2020 as far as I am concerned. What is written here is the typed version of  throw-away self-code. I don't really bother to backup but I have a handy flashdrive dedicated to this machine if I do find myself wanting to do such a thing. So then it appears useless but really isn't. No Clojure development on this machine either, well, I could do it through the Terminal and vi. Not a bad project but I know my fingers would tire after only a short time of doing that. I have gcc too. Perl, Python, gcc, and vi. That is an eclectic mix for sure. I have a Perl book actually. I don't think a disc with the code was included however, it may be on the website. Hmm. How many coding books am I going to keep in orbit around me at a time? Currently the two Clojure ones and the PHP and MySQL development book. Those three are my focus. That PHP one is arguably the most relevant in this area. One chapter a day from that one and one from either of the Clojure books. Is Perl dead? I just don't know. I describe, not prescribe. I have curiosity. 

	I suppose it really is just like this. What is this it I am talking about? I know not. There is something that has disappeared from me. What is it? What? I am speaking nonsense at this time. That doesn't make much sense, actually. So then what is this? It is the same. Things in the terminal. It just stares. With internet will anything here change? Does it need to change? I am still uncertain. I do not know what will happen later. I will only save after a page, this is throw-away self-code afterall. There is only peace here. I tried some C programming, It can't even find stdio.h. This is perplexing.	